So, let's then figure out how we're
actually gonna generate this modal.
So, this is gonna be another helper and
it's gonna be called modal.
And this helper is going to accept
a few things that we call modal args,
and that's gonna include a trigger ID,
we're gonna have the ID itself.
We will have the title, submit text,
which will default to be submit.
Whoops, submit, and then we want
the blocks that are gonna be displayed.
So, the blocks will come out of our
block utility that we just created.
So, the first thing we're gonna
send through is the trigger ID.
A trigger ID is something sent from
Slack that lets us identify which
interaction we're responding to.
So, if two people were to run
the command at once, this is so
that we can disambiguate,
trigger ID one needs the first response,
trigger ID two needs a second, and so on.
Then we're gonna send in the view,
this is the actual blocks and
information we're gonna
send back to the user.
So, we'll send a type of modal then we're
going to send a callback ID, which is
how we identify what type of modal is
being sent that's gonna have an ID.
The title is going to
be type plain text and
we'll include the text of
whatever we defined as the title,
For our submit button,
we want type of plaintext again and
a text of whatever our submit text is.
And finally,
we wanna pass through the blocks,
these are the blocks that will
actually appear in the modal,
those are gonna be our inputs,
select boxes, and so on.
So, now that we've got both the blocks
builder and the modal builder,
we are ready to return one of
those from our slash command.
So, we can head into our actual
slash command handler here.
And we're going to get a few
more pieces out of our utility.
We're gonna get blocks, we're gonna
get modal and then down in here,
we're gonna get rid of all of
this part that we've done so far.
And instead, what we're gonna do is
get a response out of the Slack API
using the views dot open,
which is how we send a modal.
And we pass in our modal helper, so
the ID is gonna be food fights modal and
that just needs to be unique to you,
it's an identifier that we will use.
Then we need to send in a trigger ID and
the trigger ID is sent through Slack.
So, we just grab that trigger ID out and
then for blocks, we send in an array.
And we're gonna put in
blocks dot section and
this one is gonna say,
Let's give it a little,
let's see,
the discourse demands food drama, and
then we'll make some bold text so
send in your spiciest food takes so
we can all argue about them and
feel alive.
Close up our bold tag, okay?
Then we're going to add another block,
this is gonna be our input and
this one is going to
have an ID of opinion.
It's gonna have a label of deposit your
controversial food opinions here and
then we're gonna have a placeholder and
our placeholder is gonna be example,
peanut butter and
mayonnaise sandwiches are delicious.
That's a real food opinion held
by a real person that's not me,
initial value,
we will set the payload dot text
which is what somebody would
type after the command,
we'll show how this works in a minute.
And if that's not set,
then we'll set it to blank.
And then as a hint so
that we can have something that doesn't
disappear when you start typing, you can
say what do you believe about food that,
add an extra space in here,
what do you believe about food
that people find appalling,
say it with your chest.
And then we're gonna
add in our select here.
So, let me blocks dot select and
we're gonna set an ID.
This is gonna be our spice level so
we're gonna let people
kind of identify how spicy
their opinion is, set the label
of how spicy is this opinion, and
then we will set up a placeholder.
And for a select, it's kind of like what
shows when the select hasn't been used.
So, we're just gonna make it
an instruction, select a spice level.
And then for the options,
we have an array and it's gonna be label.
And the value, and these are the same,
we probably could have
simplified our utility, but
I thought in a lot of cases
you're gonna have a different
value from what the label might be, so
it was worth not making it the same.
And then we've got mild, medium, spicy,
and we'll add a nuclear option in
case you've got something really out
there that you love about food, so
then we can say if this, And
we're missing let's see,
Start collapsing things down and figure
out what I missed, identifier expected,
I have added an extra curly boy here,
okay,
so just to reiterate what happened there.
I had put a curly brace around this modal,
but because the modal returns that object,
we don't want that, we instead want
this to be at the top level here and
that will return the object that
we wanna pass in as the body.
And then spell response correctly and
that'll clear up this other
issue we'd had down here.
So, this now is a working
modal hopefully so
we can make sure our
command is still running,
it is, I'm going to open up Slack and
let's head to our general channel.
And now, we get a modal.